World was lost. When conceptions become limitless, world becomes meaningless. When world becomes limitless, Man becomes conscious. 
When Man becomes conscious, what happens to the stars?
Mars and Venus commenced their love dance. I watched from my back their beauteous melodrama. Melodious winds wore the air around them and the stars shouted out their praise and adulation. Profligate birds began to minstrel and minister to me of the deities and love and longing. Warrior and woman, lancing lovers laced in celestial coitus. 
The ball continued. The twins played, the ladies gay, the luminaries whirling in wit and word. The great ball sol, roll’d in it’s reflection on the moon, the great matron of the sky chaperoning the festivities. 
There was light and love and laughter and knowing by words unspoken and inhibitions broken as the stars went gently into the night. 
From the sky there stretched ground. In the expanse there was me. Amidst brilliance and understanding, there was me. Here as opposed to there. Now as opposed to when. Definite sensations of basking and soaking in the brilliance of the sky and the intake of understanding. Skimming air across my face. Warmth loving upon my face. Smooth like water cushioning as I nuzzle the land with slim resistance. 
Become one. One with the air, one with the ground. Seething beauty of quadrillions of actors in synchrony, in dissonance, by relativity and attraction to order and entropy. The vibrating moving particles of the sky, the clouds clumping together in steamy convergence. Deconstructing themselves into  fertile rivers. Humans breathing and coordinating as if by Providence. Fireflies synchronizing playing patterns of music and light. 
Mothers giving themselves to their children. Children cannibalizing their spinning mothers. Tapeworms corruption, justice unserved. Bought by wealth the countries die, browned and green streams into toxicated rivers. Stripped of its riches the earth is desert. Stripped of it’s love the earth is dry. Dearth of dry earth for planting crops and growing children, packed into grey cities and thick air and scoring heat. 
I am the air, overlooking the world. Breathed in and breathed out by all the unsuspecting. I give life, and it is returned to me. I give love and I am beloved. I am corrupted by the air pouring out of the cities, destroyed by the agriculture and cars and houses. Unbreathable by animals, sickened unto death. I am split apart by ozone and oxides, I unleash asthma on choking wheezing babes. I am the destroyer the giver the conquerer, part of everything, everything unto me. 
I awake. 

%Transition into him being woken up in reality. 
