Shrugging off the violence of the times, I climb, I climb from the floor encrusted with my blood, my bile, my refuse, shit ichor. Stare at the sandstone cold warm walls which cool to my touch yet reflect the lamps of warmth. The room seems to speak and the wolves seem to wreak a simmering silence across the grand claustrophobica magisterial. So what? So what? My clothes my skin were glued onto the the floor, cotton fibers clutching fibrinogens, and tuberculins or the like in my lungs. Undying, I am undying, I have sunk past the equilibrium point of death and life and am removing myself from the overshoot. Un-dying. De-dying, didactic, pedantic. So frantic. All frantic beats the heart of a man slowly waking up as the HPA axis thrusts him to action. 
Power is pulled from the backlit screen, or the background as the blacklung fog creeps in as I rise. Steady the ship lads. Steady the ship. Row row row your boat gently down the stream of consciousness. Hangover lobotomy right here.
CRACK! Huh, why are there stars on the ceiling? Why are they disappearing?
 	

Why are they disappearing? Why are they disappearing? The skies the stars the world the universe, why are they all disappearing? Why are they all disappearing? Wli eeias;dfjl sklsksksk. Dkdkkdkkdkkdkdkdkdkdkkdkd. 
Shut up. 
 	

The screeching noise of silence again wormed it’s way through my earholes and into my unconscious idiopathy. This was the quiet violence of the alone. This was the dagger than slowly punched through the wall of the temple into the sacral arachnoid space and the pious mother and the lifeblood of mind, it was mine split slowly. A desocializing lobotomizing violence prompting once socially adjusted young people to trembling elocutions bound by a shaking out of control bag of bones into a coffin, cortisol enbalmed. 
In my cage with me was the skeleton of the kind, the unknown scantly crowned emperor of a sunken throne room in a dead land. The shiny white bone reflected decayed light into the slim stone quarters in radiant cylinders, it ran up into threadbare garments and ended in sickly toothed skull. 
Why does he get to sit his rotting corpse on the only chair in the room? I’m living, he’s dead, why should sit as I bend the knee! I am alive, I am the king. Let life be for the living, be left to apparitions! 
I am standing, my slick. I slip my fingers around the the kings ribs and Crack! goes the rib carunking itself into my hand. The rib goes off behind me as I grab the arm. The arm wrenches itself again from the socket leaving the sickly stubborn king on the throne and I the failed usurper. My hands close around the spiny vertebral column, laced with tendons and near dust veins and I pull a third and final time. A coup de tat from the dead to the living, let me reign this empty kingdom. The king looks me over from empty eyes as he clatters to my former resting place. 
My sword tips itself against my throne, pommelstone in palm. My leg is swung over the armrest and I supine in ecstatic statesmanship. My kingdom. My throne room. I am God-Emperor of the daysky lit limnal, this sad funeral tune of a land! I watch the aeons go by, the seasons unchanging, the powers that-be unchanging, I sigh in my eternity in blissful satisfaction. I see the suitors of time, begging for the hand of my first born, the courtiers of dust and age and forevermore, the jesters of the age of ages and ages, the beggars of decay.
Tendons begin to appear on that which I had cast down. I revel in my power and sigh in my majesty. My fist sits tucked beneath my chin as I watch my loyal subjects…I’ve no subjects. I rap out my bony fingers across the top of the arm rest, thrumming my discontent into the echoing chamber. Pink strings of striations had appeared on thighbones and femurs. I am angry now. Do you hear me? Where is my kingdom? My due?
My fingers seem paler than usual, perhaps a sign of the stress. I must have more wine! Wine?! Perhaps if not wine then…What am I saying?! I am king! My teeth grit in my mouth, clacking, echoing, loud, everything seems louder, my bones seem older. My eyesight seems dimmer. 
The corpse at my feet is becoming less and less corpse like skin coats its hoary sides, eyes inhabit its sockets, growing fuller even as my own vision darkens. It’s face is that of an avenging God-Emperor. It begins to rise. Slowly it walks towards me, perhaps rightfully called he. His hands clasp around my rib and he pulls. My rib! I am bone! My flesh is gone! What have I become?
My arm is removed yet, an anticlimactic popping from my socket. My other hand reaches for my sword but it is alas too weak to grasp. My throat is wrenched from the high back chair and I’m tossed into air and then I clatter to a halt. My eyes forever stare, at my usurper, my self. His leg swings over the side, his arrogant cheeks sit in a sickly smile of content. I on the floor. On the floor again. 