There are wolves here. They are following me. I don’t know why or how, but as the day/night stands still, the ground moves beneath me, and I go forward towerds the twinspiring sight before me. The wolves are there, their thundercloud coats shining in the enlightenment. Rolling grey with a silver lining, always a silver lining. Their ears are mangled and grotesque. One of them is bleeding as though part of the ear had been just then cut off, except it had been bleeding for hours leaving drip drops of blood on the deserts sandy floor like the clip clop of a horse on cobblestones except there was no sound in our daynight externality. 
Their paws didn’t sink into the sand. They glazed over the glistening sand and glossed over the heights of the dunes moving their perfect silhouettes against the walls of the dune vales. It was not as it should be, yet what it was seemed natural. It was. But it wasn’t, my boots were sinking but their paws were not. They, denizens of the place of superimposed sky, were at home on the solid ground of shifting sands. It was I who was out of place. I, who should not be. But I was. Cogito ergo sum. Some things just are. They stood as I sank. The sand understood them but did not stand under me, so I sank in it til I understood the sand. Asphyxiating understanding. The sand was far from quick. 
Trawling on, I pushed upward upon the hill. Mankind keeps humping. Up the hill, carrying their burdens. From father to son. From slidng dune vale to muted sun. Crest the hill and keep going. Glacial pace in a sandy desert. One foot at a time. The sand took millions of years to form. From rocks and minerals to sandy deserts. Once there may have been life here, aside from the all too real wolves from the ether. Or maybe in a land where their is no time, no day or night there can be no desertification, this is all that was and all that ever will be. There is no should be except in speculation. What is, is. There is no possibility, I am as I always was always will be.
There were never any farmlands here. No grasses removed to grow wheat. No drought to kill crops. No dirt dried to form dust storms. No hope to build a home. All lost and forlorn. There were no settlers to build a future. Nobody fleeing their past. The dirt could not become a desert, because there was only the desert to be. 
This is the world. It is dry and cold and dead. 
Crest the dune. Start back down. One step at a time. Slip down slower. 
Forward motion is a silly concept. I mean the world is round so where can you go? You go far enough, you end up right back where you started. Backwards? Same story. Sideways, it’s the same deal. I suppose you could go forwards personally but you won’t change human nature. We’re all society’s fucktoys, emergent prosperity’s coupled oscillators All hail the meritocracy. We deserve to be what we are. 
I stared up at the sky and one of the stars seemed to brighten. La carrière aux talents. Polaris, in its unwavering placement and brightness, presented the guiding light of man, by which he navigated the world. And below the stars there was the sand, extending before me. I on the crest between deep dune valley and great sand basin. Onward and downward! To Nowhere and the North! To Hell’s Deep, where the helms of fallen wolf hunters fill with sand and their spears lie broken and sticking out into stagnant air!
I am the most dangerous game, the wolves my hunters. I am helmless. My head is open to the stars. My feet trudging through the sand, entrenching me where I stand. There is no hope for me in this game but they have kept their distance. They are following me, keeping a steady pace. Intersubjectivity,. What do they see in me and I in them? I see danger in them. Am I prey to them or merely a curiosity? Hard to say. Perhaps they will tell me. 
The stars are disappearing. First the edges then the inner rings . Less and less light joins my plight til only the central sky remains. The rest is hidden by the sides of the basin. The wolves shift no sand as I slide down the side feathering my eyes with grains. Wooden staves are weakly embedded in the slopes. They will be of no aid. The narrow luminance alights upon a glint. I pause in my avarice and find the jewels attached to a hilt. Theistic designs encrust the pommel. With a tug I pull the blades’s full length from its sandy womb. Particulate matter oozes to fill the hole. The steel is rusted; the blade jagged by pockmarks of time. The wolves meet my gaze and nod. The wolf to the left nudges the air and I move deeper into the basin. 
The basin bottoms out in the manner of an hourglass. The grains of sand drip down through the elliptical opening at what appears to be a steady rate. Curious in a land with concurrent day and night. Push the world forward til whats left is lost to time. Then there will be nothing but the progress and the refuse you used to make it. The domed cities, so clean and crystalline with brilliant white buildings darken the outer skies with exhaust of the energy plants. Slowly darkening the world. The heat unbearable, the skin unmistakable, the world unhealable. Thick air hard to breath. 
Grains of sand skim down the sides, creating micro avalanches which absorb one another. Solids like fluids. Bizzare nonlinearity.  The sand slicks itself even as the wolves continue with calm foothold. Crash banging into softening sand and I’m falling in. Towards the mouth of Charybdis. And the wolves are pounding after me. The heart is blastbeating. And I’m bleating in fear down the side. 
Down through open air. And then more sand. Pillowy mound of sand which I slide down, onto stone floor. Lit torches are cast through the antechamber of what appears to be a ruin. From the sand colored stone are hewn statues of two godlike powerful men. Musculature of impossibility and eyesockets of shadow. Between them is a ridged stone outline and a slab in place of a door. 
The wolves, following me even here, have become tall enough to reach my elbow. They, like the sandstone statues, have become muscled to the point of impossibility. Their mouths open wider to show the teeth which have grown in. Their claws have become iron and their eyes solid gold. No iris, no pupil, no whites. Only gold. 
Inscribed upon the slab/door are the words: 
Worlds die
 Humans are born
 Empty vessels filled
By those who came before.
Are you willing?

The wolves in apparitional mode have disappeared from where they were, and reappeared each at a corner of the square chamber. As though my hands moved of their own accord my palm hit my face and my teeth bit through the callused skin. My bleeding palm flowed from my mouth and scraped itself on the on the door. In my own bitten blood was written:
I am willing. 
Then underneath, as though graven by a scribe in Heaven deigning to reply, were the words in stone: 
But are you able?
Nails or so it sounded began to grate against stone as the wolves gauged the ground and shredded the air in their clamor. There was a flare of spectacle from the torches, which briefly touched the ceiling, and saliva dripped on to the floor from the fever-fury of the four wolves. And then they were still. Furious crouched waiting ready to strike, behind the wolves there are vases.
EMPTY VESSELS WAITING TO BE FILLED
Fog. Fuck. I shuffle over to the first wolf. My arm is outstretched within grasp of the statuesque lupine. Almost supine I put my arm on the the dogs head. There was a moment without breath or light or hope. Then another. 
I breathed again though the wolf had not moved. Then my hand, still firmly placed on the blackened silver fur, moved downward and I saw golden eyes. The  creature moves slowly, deliberately, across the floor. To the right it moves, my hand still on its head. To the left I move, I know the steps. Removing my hand, I end our dance, but the wolf has one love sign left to give.
My feet move toward the jug and my arm begins to bleed and I begin to sing in my song of days gone by and days gone forth and I saw the vase and the vase had the word 
Moon
and I hold my arm forth chewed though it is by the teeth marks of a great wolf and the blood begins to pour into the vase and the there is a filling. Falling pitter patter of spatters. I’m spilling ichor into the container o wow there’s a lot. 
And the thing is almost full and the top of the rim is hitting the blood and the blood is running over and the floor is starting to run red and o I’m turned around now. Leaving little trails of red on the floor, it’s like a crazy game of red rover. And then there were two and then there were three and there are three now and soon the world will be me and the wolf again.
You’re not like the other, you’re vicious and mean, you don’t dance you just pounce. The second I get close you decide to shred my other arm. And hell why not. I don’t need this weird red stuff. Zeitgeist. Happy. Euphoria. Morphine. Fucking good morphine. 
And on the second vase, the word:
Pack
Yup other arm, bite down and bear it. Heh, bear it, those wolves are like bears but bigger. Butt bigger. Much bigger and golden eyes and sharper teeth and scarier claws. Merry Christmas Sandy Claws. MC SC. My crying spewing capillaries. And the thing is full and I’ll take my leave of thee Sandy Claws, merry kwanzaa and kiss her in her bridal gown.
My o my. You’re nodding at me. Finally, some respect. It’s all I ever wanted, and it’s so easy to give. You’re the third you know. But you’re certainly the best. Good doggy. I pat the good doggy. AH. My stomach is bleeding. I’m pulling cups of blood from my stomach to the jug. Usually the opposite, with wine instead of blood. Make a cup out of my hands and pull from the river. My head is made of air. Oh dear I’m an airhead. BUT at least I’m not blonde, heh. WEEEEE, I’m going soo fast, tipping myself over the jug. And wow, has the floor always been that close? Oh, and slippery. Whoops I guess I filled the jug. Heh, 
Mate
What does that mean. G’day mate! Hey wolfy, wink, you got a mate? Growl. I had a woman, but she left. She went crazy. She died. Nah just kidding, I wish. I want her to be happy, just happy with me. And sane. Like old times. 
Right e o mate! Best be getting on. 
Criss crossing the room to the final wolf womb. This is birth. A big bloody birth. And the fourth wolf pulls its paw up from the ground and points it at my groin. Oh, you want some of this boy? Or are you a bitch? We do it like the Mayans do it to it. Fill the
Cubs
vase? Acid bile, on the floor. Did I do that? And ah, oh wow. Standing over the fourth vase, one drop at a time til the vase fills up with the produce of my loins. And o my gosh an eternity. An eternity, what an eternity. OOOOOOH. The room is swaying, let me hear the music too, hmm?
Then the slab in the door frame hits the floor. Yup. I’m awesome, I got the door open. My stomach is bleeding my arms are bleeding my balls are bleeding and I don’t care. Hands in the air I’m running through the door, the wolves on my heels and my hair matted with sheets of my wrists produce as I wring my hands o’er my head. My cheeks coated with tears that I didn’t know I’d made. 
And what the hell. There’s just some old skeleton in a stone chair. And all the wolves beside him and not behind me. And woah there’s another vase, and above the throne there lies the words
Are you willing?
Hell to the yes I’m willing. So willing I’m thrilling. That’s all there is too it. Ho woah. Alright let’s rock and roll. And the wolves bow before the throne. And I bow too right in front of the vase that says 
Self
and position my neck on the rim and I get out my sword, wait. I had a sword, why’d I need the wolves? And then I put the sword next to my neck and it’s really hard to get the sword blade between my body and the jug and then I begin the drip drap drabble the battle for my vision against the black, and slowly slowly. And I’m floating on the clouds. And I’m floating on the clouds but it’s night and there’s no moon out so I can’t see anything, and ooh the clouds are really pillowy. Particularly supportive around the neck. And oh wow, it’s really still around here. Quiet too, ‘cept for that damn pounding in my ears. That’s going away too. Finally. 
