Flattened. Tugging insistent pulling on the stomach towards the spine and spine towards the ground and ground to the core of the earth.  The ground as though formed to the curvature of my back, held me even as it pulled. Sand adhered to hand though it didn’t notice at the time. Limestone crunched into my eyes. The daynight was steady and less than frightening. Not lightening not darkening, but comfortable. Comfortable. 
Warm crissling slid on and off leaving cooling salivation on my cheek. Large teeth in front of my nose. Large eyes in front of my eyes. Muzzle next to nose I’ll nudge it away a bit. 
wolf
Wolf.
Mr Wolf how do you do? Are you going to blow my house down? Licking my face doesn’t set the pace and you don’t have the requisite frown.
Set the pace then. More saliva. Less talking, because the saliva tastes a touch metallic and ew. Sputter and choke on the external liquid and get up gagging and what the hell?
The wolf had pawed and bounded away leaving a lack of pawprints and a plethora of slobber. The apparently benign creature, down from it’s previous dire size, bore its canines. Eyes still gold like rolled coins shimmering smooth though ostensibly textured. My furred and fanged teacher stared empty and expectant. Move. 
I trawl through the sand, throat ragged, eyes worn dry.  Steps marked then blown away like human progress. Though, slow. So slow. Nihilistic desert; the philosophy not the river.  At the low point on the sand dune I stop and observe my comrade. Or is it commandant? There proud, not shifting with the sand, an ideal ferocity against the wind. Muscles unflexed against the forces agost. Harvesting what but the lost dried husks? The free wrens, o’er dried unflinching crests would not equal what cringing souls see when the sun is painted across. 
No freedom is not flight, for those who fly are ungrounded. The wolf is tied to etherous unattachement, I am tied to reality and trawl in consequent. Binatured am I, so bereft of one master by the shaded-sun sky. 
I ask the wolf with a gaze what more he leads me towards. He does not answer, merely leads me fore. What purpose? What reason? Neither reason nor rhyme can change this world of mine. For across time my head merely filled with sand can not fly. 
Three wrens pass over head and the wolf does not look up. He does not look to the sky. I look, I look at the wrens and the world. I look and the sand and the stars. I look at the sun which supposedly enlightens all. The stars the supposedly enlightened. The moon supposedly driving men mad wither knowing. The wolf looks only at me. It only looks to make sure I follow, and it leads forth.
I don’t know. 
I hate sand. It’s cold and dead and maybe sometimes it’s warm and liquid and I love the way it shapes itself, but it’s amorous aphorisms and amorphous activity lends itself the capacity of slowing. Subject to it’s sluggishness inducement is me, the subject of it’s objective actions. 
Subjectivity, is this my essence? Suppositions and convalescence, that’s all the sand is. The wolves lie closer to reality than the thoughts which plague. 
The wolves lie. Just closer to the truth. 
The boolean between moving and not became simple. The world between me and that dimple on the face of reality called truth, that pit from which all beauty sprang, became a world more beautiful than any other. The sand became glass from which castles might be shaped and which spires might be built of light and order. Curious that broken stones might be used to build glass houses. 
Step forward toward the height of the dune. There before me were wolves two by two. Four in all leading me on, though to what failed relation?
Ships and oars must needs for the journey. Sand dunes ended and from the crest I saw, there was ocean and beyond that an ocean afar. 
