	Creation is the art of moving something into relation with something else, until the two are indistinguishable. Red and blue make purple. Wheels and steel make a bicycle. Everything that is made is made of something. Everything that is is composed of something else. That something else is composed of something else. The desert is made of sand and sky and heat and light and sunfucking emptiness. Crumbling patties of sand in my hand I pull my feet through. Clad in boots and sunscape empty canteen I bleed out air because all the blood dried up. I’m like a goddamn mummy curling up in empty caskets. Cascading rivers of the nihil, I call to you to come and carry me away. Fuck. Fuck. Fuckity fuck. 
What makes the desert? Sand and sky and heat and light and sunfucking emptiness? The sand is made of more sand. That sand is made of eroded rock. The eroded rock is made of minerals which are actually elements made of protons, neutrons and electrons made of subatomic particles which are made of what? Wave functions? Energy? The sun is waving at me. Blood is dried, Fibrinogen met with peptidoglycan and did its work. Platelets licked clean, no food to eat. The sky is air and atmos, at most made of nitrogen, oxygen, carbon dioxide and mans putrid offal. Those are made of the same, energy, energy. Heat is energy. I’ve no energy. Light? Photons, particulate waves. Waving particles. Waving at me. Say yellow, to hello. Sunfucking Emptiness. Helios’s lover, sucking him dry. Pulling everything we love, the light, out of the world. What’s left, when the emptiness leaves. It’s love and loss. Sartrean abandonment. Abdomen melt. Heh, funny words. Look the same on a page, ‘cept for the space. Once my mind started getting so fast I could barely tell, could barely count. Einstein couldn’t tie his shoes, his mind was so preoccupied with the scientific booze. Discovery, escape from emotionality, get away from the turmoil. Get away from it all. 
Purple filled the sky and I wasn’t thirsty anymore. God’s painting over his sky canvas. The clouds are the magnets holding his work on the fridge. Disrespectful. Not supposed to know that dude. The paint is clouding, it’s mixing and mumbling and moaning. Doesn’t want to be purple, the color of royalty. Doesn’t want to be blue blood, but red blood. Want’s to have iron as it’s heme group, not copper like lobsters. Spliting into reds and blues and yellows and stop playing politics, Paint!. You’re supposed to make the world beautiful. Spin the photons the other way! Optical streisomers, playful isomers. Tristan and Isolde playing with Bloom, Poldy on the playful canvas of the stars at night, but it’s daytime so they’ve been painted over. The storytellers blinded by the great creator. Shared gallery. We’re not jealous, we get the night. 
It’s all air and balls of gas and water vapor. But that’s all we are too. ‘Cept we’re solid, and liquicellular. We think we’re beautiful. We all think we’re beautiful. We all think we’re ugly, just like the sky. Thunderclouds rolled across the sky. God’s mad at me, jealous of the gallery. Not jelly, just wondering. What’s it like to be like me? If I’m your image then blasphemy’s your caricature. Sure it’s inaccurate but, it’s not like it’s based on fiction. Sure we haven’t done the best to represent but for life’s miserable bent, we’re all we’ve got. We not?
Get up? Fuck you, can’t. Get up? Not today. Get up? No, I’m tired. Get up? You get up, this is bullshit!Get up? Turn off the alarm and roll over. Nothing going on tod… what’s that tower? 
The veiny base of glassy stone, smoothed by sandblasting and warmed by mornings, strained against the sand pushing it back down. Yet soar up it did, high into the sky. Trying to see the top of it is like trying to fly; no Icarus am I. Suck it and go back to daddy with your wax wings. Where the hell did they get wax for wings in that damn castle anyway? Was it purpose built wax? 
Advertisement from the floating roaming billboards of metropolis: “Try Dedalus’ new Heliophilic Wing Wax! Extra high melting point! Watch my son fly into the sky with my specially formulated wing wax!” I’m up? Huh, the taller seems smaller now. Still sky high, but why would you have a tower in this godforsaken hallucination? It’s the new concatecreation sweeping the halluci-nation! So let’s go for a walk. The tower was split, it was like two structures intertwined with one another. Simultaneously closing together while pushing apart. Ebony and Ivory in utter dissonance. Veiny marble was its medium, though unknown was it’s make. At least I didn’t know. And if I did, then what could I tell you of it that I haven’t already. You’re just the bird on my shoulder, the hand on my holster. For God’s sakes, I’m talking to a glowing ball in a bloody desert seeing a strange tower that has the most architecturally unsound design I’ve ever seen!
The glowing ball metastasized into a a thousand glowing balls and spread themselves into the world. Slowing balls of light, thousands upon thousands, orders of magnitude of orders of magnitude. Exp(exp(thousands upon thousands))= n. n=numbers of balls of light. 
The balls of light, like fireflies in a silent-whirring Icelandic night, migrated out in particularly wavelike rays. Slightly oscillating, magnificently rotating, spirally causating, the balls inculcated enlightenment in steady state song. Tremulous powers of magnification of flaws, sharply relieving the sun of it’s brushstrokes, the  filamentous intelligence began the triumphal march of the heavenly spheres, not with a bang but with a wisdom. Escalating through the spirals of turbulent atmos, the greatest minds of all generations began to take their place in the sky, dimming the day with their presence. Arcturus and Polaris and Sirius took their positions. The Ursa’s Major and Minor began their stately march across the sky. Castor and Pollux protected sailors in their ships. Andromeda languishes in terror on the rocks of the river night. 
The sky is darkened but neither black nor blue. Behind the luminants, the sun seems a pale, sickly filtered yellow. The clouds have become frozen and greyscale. The royal purple is a lifeless violet hue, as though faded by the light thrown upon it, bleached. Blues have become weak, sickly greens. The desert is empty beneath the stars. The world is empty without a God. 
