Thereupon the first day of true learning that ever took place, were 78 students excised from the whole to a hall of lecturing and wisdom deposition. There were several in the front eager to learn, many in the middle there to meet requirements, and a few in the back, afraid of their own hunger for knowledge and understanding. 
Carrumphing in through the door was a bearded man of many years and corollary hairs. His shiny brown shoes resounded to the roof, hoofing it after the animal of their making had been long chewing greener pastures^the grass is always greener on the other side. There were few words that could so adequately describe the professor as ‘pedantic’. Though one was puerile. Another ill-adjusted. A third abstruse. A fourth, quaternary [in his thinking, in that he thought semester to semester rather than in a continuous narrative of life]. But at the time I thought him distinguished and erudite. Though I was certainly Sagredo in this dialogue, I am unsure that it was he who was Salviati. 
And so we were lectured. On economics and politics and history. Even in memory, his words were garbled and unremarkable, perhaps because what was barely heard could hardly be remembered (that the brain hears all regardless of active listening notwithstanding). Yet the true purposes for there was never learning of such things. On the contrary, the purposes were of learning how to behave as others behave and how to be as others were. How to adopt the mannerisms and thought patterns of those who would inherit the earth. And those of cheek shall inherit the Earth. And those who can conform and produce and be shall inherit the earth. There were not rich or poor there was only good enough and not. 
And red marked the work not. There were red refractions everywhere, because red was marking my work and worth of my work was the work of my worth. So I was red. Red in the face from the blood rushing forth from the dilation of the capillaries and the heat radiation from my skin. As I released thermal energy, which is really no different from kinetic energy excluding the differences of scale, I found that the maternal love I thought I knew was in fact coddling and I began to hate. It was her fault not mine that I was doing so poorly. It was the fault of kind that was born of love misplaced. The kindness that erased the hardiness natural to men. The wind that created a monster among hearts. Empathy by which weakness is created. 
The red on the page left a rage as I scrolled past paragraphs of trite complaints. Deranged by the grief of higher standards than mine I pushed forward til my eyes met blackness in the bounds. Then their rounds began to dim as I found myopia. My once flat belly began to grow round and pillowy. My ideas of what I once was began to grow clearer and the ideas of what I would be became in a word ‘success’. 
We who loved letters were encouraged to build upon our knowledge. By my newfound studiousness I pushed forward in my learning. I was part of a fraternity of those bound to the library. We were known as the ones undesirable to common life. Those prompted to erudition the product of ambition. We transitioned well most of us. Few of us loved learning and none of us loved life. But we loved letters. A’s and B’s though we were predisposed to hate D’s. This was  what we were an amalgamation of letters and adjectives. Dedicated, Intelligent, Insightful, Bullshit.
We slept and we ate and we worked in the hall of codices. I more than most for I was poor. Though that world was considered perfect, it was the product of eras past. Those of us who were poor were ambitious because we had to prove our worth. We were not supposed to have genetic advantage or be well adapted. The worth of my work was the work of my worth. The boy who sat next to me in the lecture hall wore his blue both in the color of his blazer and the hue of his blood. He wore it in the posture of restiveness, in the arch of his back and the straightness of his neck. There were few reasons to hate him, but almost none to like him. Should he fail he was merely misdirected and there would be reason to continue his education. He had genetic potentiality, promise of ability shown by causation of his birth to successful citizens. Though of course, there was nothing for either of us should we fail to perform in two years for our placement exams. 
There was writing on the wall. Points to be memorized. Things to be learned. Burn them into your memory lest they be victims of Wallerian degeneration. But what saws crunched through my brain! Have I forgotten all?
No, I’ve merely prioritized. My eyes stared down the next girls blouse. Biological Imperative. People once believed in repression. The truth is a lack of drive is merely maladaption. Darwinistic sociological understanding. 
Red. The bullet points projected on the wall. Not failure. Not disappointment. Mr. Janus with his robusto cigar. Tappping slim fingers on glass table tops. Metaphysics underneath the cigar box, Hume open on his desk. Both eyes drooping at me. Both thoughts streaming at me, Sex and Knowledge fighting in a mental Symposium. What was the answer?
Lecture over, walk to the library. Must find a desk. Letters to a Young Poet. No, there were few things I could say of that. Unhelpful. The Meaning of Enlightenment, no time to browse. 
Early in my education I'd taken time to read such works, my grades had suffered, I'd been threatened with the possiblity of mediocrity, suffered the tendering of dissappointment of those who'd gone out on a limb to accept me. There were fewer shames as I moved forwards.
There were fewer loves as well. There by the shelf was a small section on Mathematics. There sat Euclid, there sat Hoffstadter. There sat a boy immersed in beauty. Slim of build and slight of eyesight, with great thick rims enclosing a breadth of lense convex. One knee pointing up towards the sky, supporting a codex of reasoning why. 
Reasoning why? Fool boy, will you be toyed with in your life? Achieving nothing. Merely erudite. 
And then I was above him. Looming over destroying solace crushing wisdom with viral ambition. My hand was on his book and his book was in my hand and on the shelf and then he had funny glowing cheeks. Running down them were hints of moisture and solace's refuse. As a disabuse I explained. 
"Don't bother. You'll cover it soon enough, learn what's expected now. You'll fail out if you don't" 
There was less moisture on his cheeks and more on his sleeve and there was a tightening of the white muscle fibers in his face and his eyes began to tighten up and glare at me. Then I saw his middle finger and his stomps reverberated in the stacks, launching from hard granite floors. 
Another failure I'd defused, and perhaps given service to the society to which he'd be of use. There was the world, and then there was me. But I was working for the world. And the world would work for me. 
There, a table.
Thereupon the first day of learning that ever took place. Twas his not mine. Calleth me Dottore for it was I who taught. Simplicio. Simplicio. Simplicius I would not be. And neither would he. Could we be one day wise? But thatwise or thiswise would our eyes be directed to Beatrice in Heaven to Philosophia, to the Divine Engram.'
No. Must study. Adenosine receptors effecting my affect by virtue of caffiene. The bags of my eyes storing new information. Must double bag it lest I drop it on the way out.
Carrying capacity of an economy. When the worlds economic capital is spent what is left but to start culling the herd? Spend human capital to compensate the resource depletion. Send some out to the toxic atmosphere, others to the mines of more O2 to wrestle with the Balleres Oxygen generation process. 
The O2 generation nation. Prompting new sensations of thin air and cool breeze, re-radiating heat to space. Erasing the damage done in the previous centuries. Repressurize the domes in the meantime. 
The economy reached and exceeded its carrying capacity in 2238 BM, propounding the argument that there is in fact a biological advantage to regulating the population. If human beings do not self regulate then nature will self regulate for us. By 2243 BM widespread starvation had taken hold. Almost a tenth of the population died out and a third was sterilized. This led to, 
Running down the aisle, book in hand. Closeted away  reading Lobachevsky and Plato. Tolstoy taking away from the curricula. Dostoevsky plating his stories with Charity and psychobabble. Cupid and Psyche lovers in beauty in Lewis’ lands. Red fields of view over a crest of blue foil. Enlightened Dysphoria. 