The sepia tone ceiling greeted me on my journey to wakefulness. Speckled with black clumps, the popcorn ceiling betrayed signs of former incontinence with streaks of sparkling along creases of upraised roof insulation. Like tectonic plates subducting one above the other with the earths molten core secretions spurting out with fumes and fire. 
Here only chlorinic water dripped down. Although on the other side of the Earth it would be up, and the tectonic roof plate process would be chlorovolcanic molehill orogenesis. I stuck out my tongue to catch the dripping water out of too-early morning thirst. I regret that decision.
With the taste of bitter (a pints worth) on tongue, I strung together what little resolve I had in my tiny bones and moved my leg. Of course, this movement was invisible under the flannel blanket which covered me. Again. Slowly I wrung the sleep out of my limbs and slugged myself to the side of the bed and upright to the floor. 
Again I was in bed, the mustered resolve having been conducted from my toes to the cold floor along with any heat in my body. 
I slipped in and out of sleep via narcoleptic transcendence of reality into the hyperreality of subconscience and the inceptions of remembrances cold welded together in a brazen caricature of conscious rational experience. Clacking above thumps came from the area aft of my feet into the foramen of the cartilagenous swirling lumps rostrolateral of my dreaming synaptic machinery.
“Gerrup!” came the grumbling monmaniacal grind of the old man’s sonic effluviations. “Up!” went the the grind and the mattress went up and down and I in the Aum-space dreamt of the streets swaying like the sea. Slap! and I was slapped by a beauty in a red dress. Slap! again, this time by an old man whose voice was like the tungsten tip of a TIG welder stuck to the grinding wheel, sharpening by the shearing of metal into sparks. My eyes were assaulted by sunken eye sockets dyed black by sleepless nights containing red veiny fever dreams pressed awake into a setting of ocular mucosa. Those eyes sank me into the mattress as the voice welded me to the bed. Petrified, I lay shouting “I’m awake! I’m awake!” shying away from another slap and attempting to dig myself deeper into unreality.
“Ye’ve school to get to!” came the words from the man who was already crowding out of the room. The ritual of the morning repeated in the room adjacent and I wandered my way to reality by its matin soundtrack. Toeing the colder-than-before floor I alighted on the time darkened tile adding weight exponentially until the floor held me fully and bedsprings sagged under no load but time. 
Eyes struggled to climb the lines of the walls in light of the sun’s convalescing position in the fresh trod (by the Helionic Quadriga) Western Hemisphere. Outside, fresh sod gave its protests and sent them up malodorous, a fragrant offering, to the the plows which would grow the crops of the agrarian outdoors, those for which hydroponics were unsuitable and the governance found cost effective to grow them as the Sumerians, the Israelites, the Anglo-Saxons and the Okies had grown. To grow as the old films (film!) had shown. To grow as though to a wax cylinder soundtrack. To pray to Persephone and do a rain dance. To make cave paintings. To etch drums on stone. To wear war paint and kilts. To live in the primitive man’s cave. To be 
“Breakfast!”
Libations. Libations. Library starvations. Textbook deprivations. Morning pangs to be alleviated by my own personal hearthkeeper, mothersleeper now awake with victuals and vicarious platitudes prepared. Consumption. Presumption. Mother slaps away my hand from the stove, which bears the pan which cooks the eggs which feed the man. The man to be. The man that is. The man that was, should be me. Hungry. 
The plate is set in front of me hot, the food mashed a smorgasbord. But food it is, and then it is not and all that is left on the plate is air as I taste it barely and slurp it down fiercely and swallow forcefully. It burns only a bit as the juices pop into my mouth and the steam goes up my nose and the flavors, muted by the speed of their intake, seem enough to spur me on in appreciation of this grey culinary regularity. 
String man came beside bosomous wo(e-to-)man. “Every can says the same thing,” he extirpated from the epithelial folds in his laryngeal resonator. “Same damnt thing, same damnt food. I seen how they eat in the cities. They don’t eat the same damnt thing everyday.”  Exegesis from the book of experience. Rather the book of experience, phenomena, insomnia, it’s all the same to him. All the same to him.
From outside the kitchen came a ping, a chink and a grind before the white noise became light and no longer weighed on anyones consciousness leaving in the air a curious emptiness tempered only by the financial ruin that accompanied a mechanical breakdown. Naturally, I was unaware of this subtext, slopping my sauteed paradilection of various canned and hydroponically farmed indelicacies.
The middle thirds set is somehow totally disconnected despite being composed entirely of interrupted intervals. This interruption goes on forever, ad infinitum plus infinity. And so I went on and on in my head back and forth, my genius popping by to say hello before leaving me high and dry on a peak of the dunes of my colorless mental desert without a bottle of water or a boat to leave in. 
More noises came clanging escorted stately by unpoised cursing from the slouching man screaming at the water condenser. Matronly hips waddled away to check on the the condenser currently kicked by the makeshift mechanic carrying a toolkit covered in decades of grime and soot. Of course the water condenser had been temperamental before. Usually it was cold, to condense water from the atmosphere before filtering it for us to drink. Sometimes, of course, it would warm up to us. Yet these efforts at warmth were consistently rebuffed by my father and resulted in the condenser being subjected to much abuse and privation. Tortuous unscrewing of parts and pulling of rubber seals and sputtering of water and steam from the poor appliance and the rescrewing of new parts with new seals and rubber tape all took place within earshot the muggin and I.
The muggin looked up with salivary stalactites dripping from his modest mouth which was to be commanded only by those whom the sun had already blinded. Of course he’d posit the prompt “what’s going on?” at which point I was to explain the exact situation in excruciating detail while simultaneously explaining in such a way that the muggin could comprehend with perfect clarity all with linty alacrity. Cretinous though it was, I was confined to this Sisyphean task of verbiage on pain of maternal filicide. 
So, felled by my fraternal piety, compelled by duty and fear of Jovian rage, drawn to the sacrosanct task of the orator, the naturalist, the philosopher, I commenced my condensed, concise, precise, detailed, yet suitable for the infantile muggin, explanation:
“The thing that gives us water is broken.”
The muggin, face now opened in that fearful dread which only children can muster when they have been deprived of something they did not until that moment feel the need of. His cavernous mouth, containing the victuals which fueled his daily tantrums, lay uncovered, obscene, and from the vantage point I had, the very air seemed to absorb the water from his gums, his palate seemed to grey, curdle and whither to an almost skeletal white, his salivary glands could not anymore produce their blend of carbohydrate-dissolving acids and, indeed, seemed to become vestigial. The muggin had become a man in the desert for forty days dying of thirst.
“But, how will I get water?”
“It’ll get fixed in a couple days.”
“But I’m thirsty now!”
Slipping into despair, the young man’s four years became as though they were nothing but sheer torture. His eyes widened in neotenous fever paradoxically moistened by tears even as they cried for their thirst. His porous face became like a saucer which one sat a cup of tea on, flattened, ready for the spilled droplets of moisture which one would hesitate to leave on a table or spill on a floor. There indeed was the faint rumbling of thunder, the thickness in the breath prophesying of unforgettable storm, the crackling in the air which, on the back of the neck, leaves hair splayed up and out, perpendicular to its dermal anchorage. 
The noise of metal on metal bounced off the ceiling and the walls, picking up the characteristic distortions similar to the acoustical experience (I imagine) of being tuna in a tin can, pre-cooked and soaking in solution, waiting to be devoured by an ornery three year old or a cat. The creaking from the living room came, as the water condenser was rocked in its threaded mount, reverberating in its rusted pipe fashion. The back and forth motion seemed to elongate in sound, elliptically moving in an ee-o stretch which brought the tin pull off roof away and the imminent cat tongue, pink and hairy, could be seen in shadow, about to devour.
“Well…why don’t you drink dad’s drink?” 
The empty saucer drew inward on itself until it became a crumpled paper plate lined with drippings of sweat and terror. The stoneware cup sat thickwalled squat on the counter filled with steaming stimulants and water mixture. It’s aroma, fruity, medicinal, slightly sloying, came to dominate the room. 
Tantrum averted, we went to school.
 	
Fatted steaming ephemera came from the monstrous mug of stone walled fortitude. The world felt buzzing, humming, of energy it felt full, yet unsated, ever wanting, but saturated in a saturnine display of hyper-ritaline ebullience. My noddle lifted into the air as I waddled between classes in imagination, the wrong side of the hallway, the left side of the desk, the right side of the whorl came my head to rest. Breasts sagged above me, aged shrew came grumbling, wondering why the undoing dunce was mumbling in dreams. In dreams. In dreams. I was in dreams. So very close to dream like falling through spheres of gamboling blackness and planes of of wilding nocturne kings. Sleep I wished. Sluggard. I was. Smacked I was, by the irate archangel bosoms ruler.
My palm tops reddened and drew me out of my iamb triam, somnambulantic, subatlantic, submarianas mind voyage. The world was now a clear unsmoked lens in which to view internality as the fission reactions of the mortal Sun energized the fog, the yellow fog which came rolling into the town, and sent that abiding cloud back to the sky where it belonged, in the foothills of Jupiter’s kingdom. 
It is right that Gaia is Jupiter’s mother in the mixed mythologies. Just as we were born of primordia so was the metaphysics (actually a prototypical epistemology which was in itself prototypical introspection based neurobiology) born in the form of divine metaphysics. For it is only by the imaginings of man that gods are born. Yet Providence. Yet Provenance. Yet Ideals. 
Yet spit from age-loosed lips in a setting of wrinkled overly made up skin and lipstick meant to imitate the look of the (who’d want to) well fucked (?). Yelling again. Yelling again. 
Reality. Must come to reality. I pulled myself out of the Promethean fire, the Apple of Eden, the consciousness, of the intellect, ripping myself from the nourishing jelly which incubated the greatness, the genius, the will, and with a sucking sound and a vacuum left behind, came to reality once more. 
The lesser minds around me, less potentiality, seemed as clouds around me. Clouds like myself, but smaller, with less chance to rain, with less deep souls. Simple automatons. The teacher herself was but a mere half cloud. Had she been more, she would not be a teacher but a doer. I was being yelled at by her program, she was just following the patterns of the misoptimized semisupercomputer which had gotten the wrong input and developed the algorithms accordingly. The welling in my throat, the tears in my eyes are just my own program, just base (sympa? parasympa?) unsympathetic reactions to powerlessness. It’s not me, not the triumphant will which Dante would crown in Paradiso, not the will, the Ego, the I. 
Ready the battlements. Another assault of spittle and vitriol. From the threatened intellect, from the threatened fiat authority. A paper with archaic calligraphy and gold leaf. From this came power. From capability is only spite. Might makes right came from the handler of the white board. Only boring people are bored harkened the spaniel in heels.
I recall Epictetus. I recall Aurelius. My eyes drooped but I warred them aright as she set my ears alight with her pithy insecurities. Insubordinate I was. Expelled I should be. Sent away to the fields to work on the energy harvesters. Undeserving of the education I was being spoonfed. Incapable of the work schooling required. Wounded. Wounded. My mind is my purview, my solace, she can not hurt me here.
Flower hem skirt billowed round her upper thighs like an upturned tulip. Cellulite thrombled above (below?) the petals in meaty stamen protrusion culminating in the antherpodal anchors to grounded sobriety. Noxious rounded emanations shot me slowly, scenting from the pistil, scents rounding and opening in musky O’s as I closed my nose in the horror. 
Tiles below the ten toed square domino looking platforms on which this automaton seemsd to stand managed to somehow work out in a pattern of hexagonal alternation. The floor was a chinese checkerboard on which power games were played, not for beads, but the more abstract merit, approval, estrangement or sociability. The question was thus: can we be socialized? Clearly I cannot.
Hundreds and Thousands splat the buttered face of mine making the visage broken bread of Fae, sprinkling my acne ridden face with salivary manifestations of haggish desire to set me on the pyre. I am Sophocles in derision, Dido in dreams. I, in torrent of mind, clung to reality, with head turned into the wind, the hurricane, thrust my cheek into the palm tree bent double over in the fury of Aeolus charges whipping Neptune’s purview onto Floridian shores. Would that Neptune leave my mind and leave me in peace, in dry, desert tundra reality. The icy bark diamonds cut my cheek, drawing blood, even as the pain rent its arctic red fingers to the space between my forebrain and the reptilian, leaving me severed from fantasy, from ego, and drowning in consciousness, hellish consciousness. 
