Clapping the ground. Thousands upon thousands of claps and echoes of claps which poured through the brick by brick walled walkway. The sun shined overhead but it was blocked by the roof of the supposedly outdoor walkway. And then the deluge.
Emerging from the archway into the sunlight which bounced around between our blazered shoulder to shoulders, I moved step by step, applauding with the ground. There were buildings built brick by brick, tall imposing structures spoke trick after trick. Centuries of knowledge and maneuvering built into those old stones. Certainly, in some closets lay bones, and in some cloisters, lay ones who once prayed to the sky. Ours not to reason why, ours just to have faith when we die, one from the clouds will come to rescue us. Blessed be.
The Reeding School was antiquarian, and thus prestigious. Traditions centuries old having lasted since before the Meritocracy. They used paper books and taught handwriting. Though of course, they used modern materials as well. Of course, it was still rural. The air was still thick and the voices still husky, the people still dark and the clothes still cotton. The school was not wealthy, but it was populated by middle class children expecting to become middle class adults.
Into the open courtyard, where hundreds have courted across numerous eras. Yet still youths still unruly, we were herded and corralled and made to stand in lines. We were shoulder to shoulder as we were bouldered with order. As our individuation was curtailed we were shown a better way. 
As our footsteps ceased another noise began. Begotten by a man short and mustachio’d, the husky, high, powerful voice began to delineate the traditions and nature of our forthcoming education. Our leading of the mind was to be characterized by discipline and order. Bouldered over and over til we were sand to be blown into beautiful functional glass. Or perhaps powder to be printed into tools. Whatever we were to be, it was not what we were. And what we weren’t was.
“Stand Still!” Near the front, tapping a fidgeting rhythm of 1-2 and 2-3’s culminating in 4/4, was me. Beside me all the other boys had stopped breathing. But I kept beating my rhythm. 
“Stand still, boy!”
We are all vibrating particles, elementary particles compounding into neutrons and electrons and protons compounding into atoms compounding into molecules compounding into tissues and organs and systems and people. Standing still is impossible because we never know where exactly we are. 
“I can’t sir.” 
The man mustachio’d stomped his leather clad feet vibrating his red sport coat in the force of his fury. With a breath drawing his mustache in and out, by Bernoulli’s principle or perhaps simple suction, he calmed and replied
“Why?” 
“By the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle we can not know where the electrons are in an atom at any time.” Face reddening, I can see the cues. “Furthermore all molecules vibrate,” His mustache is going nearly into his mouth. “and because the brain requires blood flow to function, the heart must continue beating.” The disciplinarian had begun an intake of air and was holding it in so as to resemble a balloon. 
His eyelid was twitching.
His voice was a bird like shriek which vaguely resembled language, but mostly resembled cursing. 
“I’m sorry sir, but if you wish me to stand still, you would have to freeze me to absolute zero.” 
Stories would be told of the brave and supposedly not stupid young man who dared talk back to Mr. Menelaus. Songs were sung. Tales were written and stored in tomes to be passed down through generations. Collections were made to pay for the young man’s funeral. Bets were made on the severity of his punishment. The teenaged bookies made quite a profit that week.
I of course hadn’t the foresight to bet. 