The air was frightful. Particulate matter salted the air and dusted the ground and struck my rocky tear ducts. The tumult had prompted wall clouds which we watched from the veranda. Snippets of rain sniveled from the sky, moistening my face and turning the air to mud. I pulled the sludgy air from the cannabis cylinder in my mouth. 
Inhale. Exhale. Relax. Calm.
Move forward, think. Move. Peace.
There would be crops dying. Stress.
Inhale. Exhale. Don’t think. Calm.
We watched the the proposed storm come in from the east. A wall bulldozing the greystone sky pushing towards the west. Joint butts conjoin the gap between the dry wood rail and the unfinished floor. Relics of our shit shooting. The breadcrumbs of our communion. We push the conversation forward towards talk of
“Women.” I nodded in assent and shook my head in commiseration. Another joint butt made it’s way to the floor, carried a touch by the wind and a bit more by momentum. 
“Momentous occasion, and she blew up at me right before.” Raybourn said.
“Mmmm.”
“It was ridiculous. Poor timing. Batshit crazy some days.”
The little coal anchored to the paper post, thumb-sized roll of cooling appreciation, grew redder intermittently darkening the black bits of ash which made the end meteor-like. The wrapping began to trickle away slowly on the edges, leaving a crackling brown barrier between red tip and white paper. Uneven burn. Because of the wind. Tap the ash on the broad railing, the ash immediately blows away.
Push forward. 
“Twister you think?” I ask.
“Eh. I dunno. Fuck it. R’dad’s not gonna be happy either way.”
“No.” He’s gonna have me get out see what’s salvageable.  
The clouds distantly sauntered from their bacchanal to our humble farm, their distant rumbling and sheer misting suggesting a tumult to our night. 
Leaning up against the distantly moist wooden rail, I fingered the softening felt-like wood. Bits of soil marking the darkening pine caught my eyes til a voice grabbed my ears.
“The world is a strange place. My dad took me to the city this weekend.” Arch an eyebrow. Feign interest. “They seem to be terrified of dirt there.” 
“Hrmph. Yeah?”
“Yeah and they ride around in these plastic things and wear funny clothes and act like their shits are wet grass.” His mostly-honest jocularity pinged hollow on steel melancholy. “Women are pretty though.”
“Fuck them. Why would you want to live there?” Why would you want to be that clean and gadgety and pretty? It’s weird.
A pause and then a “Yeah. Although I guess some people have to live there, for jobs and stuff.” Rays shoulders were slouching now. His view moved down to the wheat from the insouciant sky. Returning from tall white towers and sunswept silhouettes to the musky scent of wet soil and swaying wheat fields in front of him. Crushing. 
He began the process of rolling herbs in paper and kicked the bottom of the rail. Hail. His boots were coated in the clumped nitrogenous reddened dirt familiar. Insular. His browned denim trousers were trouncing in mud and refuse. Old news. His curling black hair was untamed and his used and abused shirt untucked. Lovestruck. His lower lip was bent with the knowledge that he’d likely farm for his days away. 
Collar’d by Fate. Calling him Fido and begging him come. Culling his desires and replacing them with none. Owned. 
“You hear back from the Reeding School?” His eyes were on me now. The same boots, same pants, same shirt, same joint. Not the same mail. A deep blue seal with olive branches and a wreath and a woman holding a torch in one hand a sword in the other. Italic type  and a list of things to buy were on the second page, flowing scripted welcome letter on the first. 
“No.” An ant was crawling on the railing. The goddamn truth I’d have to tell him. “I ain’t heard back yet.” My finger chased the ant as it followed its pheromones. 
“I’m sure it’ll come soon. If not you can come to AgAc with me.” Acid bile. Replacing irrigation filters in muddy ditches while being spurted with “mineral enriched” shit-water. Castrating bulls and birthing calves. Dissolving the powdery black accumulation of carbon on the filtration systems. 
“Heh, I guess.” Swallow the bile and spit out the bits of wrapping peppering my lips.
We stayed a while and shot the breeze with our effusive smoke and effulgent shit talk.
 	

Sunlight played with aerosolized tar, reflecting and refracting creating a near-solid pillar of muted radiance. Sharp peppery tobacco and incensing robusto wrap, mixing and mingling in the air, sponged out of the cherry wood of open cigar boxes. From those cigar boxes slid smooth bony-white fingers which played triplets on a glass desktop. Through that glass desktop there were stainless steel legs which spindled their curving way up from the ground. The ground itself was whirling pattern of maroons and greys, almost Freudian in their hypnoses. One of the arms of that great spiral danced across the floor to a bookshelf decorated with antiquary. The quarry of intellect displayed on those shelves pointed to Darwin and Malthus. Though Darwin and Malthus sat sagely upon shelves, the piece de resistance was that pillar of light, the Metaphysics of Aristotle which schooled itself underneath a cigar box. 
The spine of the tome which seemed not at home pointed out to a window on the cell’s side afar. And through that window there was a world of blues unfumed. And beneath that hue, trees with green leaves and branches unseen except by the snapping birds that lived there. And there were yellows and reds on the branches which swung succulent down from the canopy. And there were
Snap! 
“It’s a beautiful view, isn’t it?” the bony white fingers asked. The lengthy appendages were attached to a man enwrapped in navy blue, and encased in his own assuredness. His legs, one over the other, were topped by criss-crossed fingers. The slender man leant back in his chair and spoke: “This was a view that existed 250 years ago. It was called the Amazon Rainforest. Even then it was decaying.” A vaguely humanoid furred creature was  distantly visible as a smattering of brown between leaves. Slender man gestured to a curved plastic panel, possibly meant as a chair. 
“Mr. Menelaus has mentioned that you show some promise in Chemistry.” At this, thickened cigar in slender mans hand met an ashtray and began sending signals of it’s quenching dissatisfaction. 
His eyes were asymmetric, one drooping on the outer edge of his eye. The other was wide open and intense. The eyes themselves were dark brown with small washes of green, stimulated by the nicotine that flowed from the air through his veins. There were few things that could be said for such a man acute awareness while appearing to drowse. His aware eye compressed upon itself, staring through the smoke to the clarity beneath.
“Tell me, young man, what do you intend to do with your life?”
Life is a bunch of particles, forming into functional groups. These functional groups are on varying levels of scale. Electrons and protons. Ubiquitin and proteasomes. Hearts and livers. People. Economies. Countries. Planets. Galazies.
“I don’t know, Mr. Janus.”
“Do you wish to go back to your farm?”  Crumbling red nitrogenated earth, decoking filtration systems, jeans sunken in substance disgorged. Shake your head. Don’t fidget. 
“You would be wise to continue demonstrating such skill in the sciences. You may yet live with clean air.” Shining steel streets underneath humming hovering pods lined with light emitting storefronts. Thin air. Hard to breathe. 
 	

Thin filtered air was contaminated by the indulgence of a few mad merry men. Blistering heat on the tips of black cigars prompted combustion and aerosolization, the product of which forced it's way into my nostrils prompting a faint reflexive gagging which I swallowed. The world was rumbling. The heartbeat of Kronos was throughout the world low, the bottom of the ear coated in it’s throes. And by it's rhythm voices were raised, and by it's song there were other drums being played, and by the worlds of its making there was love for the taking, life for the living, joy for the hearing. This was music. 
There below the ground was the music of the earth, the music of the spheres, the brilliance of humankind, driving men to tears. No, that was the rejection of women, or perhaps their rejection of women, or men…I don't judge. 
Heathens, Bacchanal beings swaying on their evenings, living in an existence far beyond the heavens. Ecstatic trance of rhythm and melody. None of Apollos light here to sway the love and loss. No one hear to stop the march of life and death in its glory, in its bass. There was a world unknown for the taking, for the making for the creating for the knowing, and being known by. For the love and hate there were two that were mating in the back room. There were four onstage creating the beat and melody. There was one singing the notes, but he was irrelevant. There were five thousand moving and turning the floor to the tides swaying the ocean of experience to the moon. 
There were a few to the side, unable to engage, to become one with the sea, to engage in the bacchanal to be at one with humanity. These inhumans, these machines, these damaged microbeings, smaller than the infinitesmall gnat, exploded and compressed without ramification, of no consequence to society, except as resources to be used for the rests happiness. It is me. I am this. This inhuman. In that I recognize it, in that I know it, I am enlightened. In that I am damaged, I amd worse off.  
Engage. Engage!
I can't
Move. 
I can't 
Psychosomatic paralysis. I can not engage. The most I can do is bob my head to the page on which the music is written. There is not a whit of classicism in me. I am solely a person on the edge, neither understanding nor appreciating the hexadiametric rythm that heroes are sung in and villains are decryed in and wives are made women and Telemachi made men. 
So I smoke. My goodness the particulate matter engages my brain, shooting into my skull the thought that I am not dull merely unsuited. Let there be better music and I will be made a man. Let there be better dancing and I will be among them. Let there be better women and I will snap them up. 
This is a lie. 
I'm smoke above the room, seen and disregarded, particulate matter in the air sold only as a commidity. Lusty larynxes bolled over the rolls of drums and the wilds of keys to the hearts of humanity and I've no ability to be a part. None. 
So I walk out. There is no smoke here, there is only the sky. The building in my behind, the building in my front. The openings to the alleyway in my left and right. But is it right? That I should be less of a man, less virile less poised less able. It is not my phsyiology, it is simply me. But what freedom? To be human, constrained by impulse, yet I am chained in my dulour, destroyed in my apathy. What? What? I'm not that.