The road blacked itself as we brrrrred forward. The world humming in oscillation from the tiny two stroke motor powering our car. Burnt oil bathed the inside of my nose, the resulting black aeration puffed intermittently from the tailpipe. Pipes, like the old puffers that decorated the back covers of my fathers old books. The teachers used to tell us of the tar coating the outsides of alveoli, putting before our eyes the cross sections of old smokers. 
Looking up, pinpricks of starlight poked out through the clouds of emission. Of course they told us that cancer would go into remission, but the probability that you would die was so. High above us there flew a plane ghosting a violet breath into the early morning sky. Flowing over and away from us, the matte wedge, distinguishable only by the haze it left behind and the way it blocked the sky, led to a horizon in which black became blue sandwiching yellow with ground. 
We brrrred on, the poorly mounted motor chattering my teeth when I set my jaw against the window sill. A still salivary cesspool formed in my breakfast deprived mouth. Rippling with the intermittent bump in the road. Chupper chupper fluttered the colorful buggers which hovered on Aeolian whims. Ear piercing things always screaming not singing. Masvidalian definition of music, perhaps. Grass always seems to move so much faster than the rest of the scenery at speed. Of course, can hardly see at this hour. The moon is still visible. 
The black mass of forestry is illumined as light begins to return to the world. Walls turn to silhouettes fit for Bunraku exhibition. Backdrop of this new scene the forest can be seen for its trees. Leaves turn to relief. Boughs sigh in recognition, of cogito-born incision, shooting photons at corneas possessed of me. Alongside the  road were does popping their heads in the dear lights. Ambling by between briars, taking in our puffing (tail)pipe. Black smoke dampened our tail lights. The morning still seemed like night.
The trees began to thin like a fading past life on  the wind. The plains began to peek out between them. The roads, once roughened forest dirt, began to smooth and the windscream morphed from lone to legion. Theirs not to reason why, there’s but to do and dye. The cereal fields in the distance showed their season in yellow. Just slightly tingable between the starlight and the horizon.
There, before me was the beaten leather seat, and before it was the man who I sometimes called father. His smoking plant dangled from his top lip, adding white smoke to the black. His straw-bare boater hat vibrated with the car. His belt was rawhide leather darkened by time and use. His hands, like mine, were calloused up from agricultural produce, his shirt meant for welding, his shoes meant for gelding and his eyes  watching for aphids. 
Pressed into the door panel, peeling leather fits my finger behind it in the worn upholstery. Brake, hit the apex, back on the gas. The heavenly spheres revolve in navy, sailing like ships into the light. The stars dissolved in the viscous skystuff, their light effusing, brightening the batter. A jerk as the gears shifted, the wheat fields were behind us now. 
White. White, all light, tabula rasa. A clean leaf, or perhaps a sheaf of photons bouncing round rods and cones. Bone white the world looked as the glare from the reflected sun touched on a half moon of aquacity. Glass, barely visible, reflected an edge of the eastern sun. The great globe of fusion reactions shed light in the batter. Reds mixed with blues. Starstuff made lightlengths. Yellows branched violet. And there beneath the glass, white spires soared high, air between them by design,  Spires in front of it all, man’s Babel perfecting God’s painting. The fluid sky drying with man’s imprint upon it. From the grand spire numerous others of decreasing height radiated out, creating a silhouette citadel of white over sunrise. 
“The city,” said dated, whom I spoke of as father. 
“How?”
Anterior to the seat, my father’s shoulders shrugged, phasing with the bumps in the road. 
We drove on. 
 	

Under the dome the streets were steel. When a man took a step the sidewalks didn’t clang. When a man jumped because he’d spillt hot brown liquid on himself, he didn’t make a hollow ringing sound halfway across the city, as far as I could tell. The cars didn’t touch the ground; they hummed and hovered as ours hemmed and hawed. White walls bounded the polished sterling streets. Sky-borne it seemed, was the par of the polis. Beneath the Bruno-esque dome, the towers rose high like hydroponic polycarbonate. Between the towers, ever-changing banners floated bonny. Women wearing little likened body soap to heaven. Men selling muscles purportedly selling protein powders. Children equating joy to Jumping Jack’s Jumbo Adventure toys. All of it beautiful and bright and white with various colorous interplay. All of it clean and crystalline. Water. This world was white and water.
Below the banners and the buildings were the people. Tall and spirely, the people walked about, the legs of their trousers trussing their thighs. Their backs bent straight in the aristoconstrictive arch. The dome their crown, the commercials their fanfare. 
And below the dome, below the towers, below the banners, below the denizens were my father and I. Our car had wheels, our hands had calluses. Our shoes tracked mud—promptly swept by a cleaning cylinder perpetually behind. The whirling of my eyes engulfed the sights, slowing my gait and spurning local irritation,  Towering over us, the women of airy expression and moistened complexion paid no attention to the wash of spectacle. The men of harried stride maintained attention on their path through the admittedly sparse population. 
But I attracted their ire, like no spire seemed able. My father and I seemed to cluster their gazes like advertisers innermost dreams. Whether it was resentment or mere annoyance I was unable to inquire because we were past them in our car. Still, I admired. 
My, what pretty people you have, city! My, what white buildings you have, city! My, what shiny streets you have, city!
BRRRUPP!!Cssh! Hyuck! For a moment I was airborne. Then I wasn’t. My father’s seat cheerfully broke my fall and gently chucked me back in the rear bench. My father exited our now stopped car. I made for the door, when his hand went up. I waited. He came back slurping a large cup of clear brown liquid. Steam was dissipating out of the top. Why are you drinking muddy water?
“What’s that stuff?” 
“It’s coffee.”
“Whats—“ Hand up. “Can I—“ too far?
We were brrupping around town again, bouncing between tumescent spires. Passing humming polycarbonate pods hovered in front and behind. Busses bussed next to us. Sleek silver, and polished bronze were tarnished by the oil from our undercarriage. 
Look at their nostrils flaring out! Hah, the black exhaust practically going up their noses! Reddened perfect faces in facile indignation at our pollutant oxidation reaction. 
The wighted walkways adjoined to beauteous balustrades guarding curiosities commensurate with endless wonder. Whirling silver spheres spouting spectrums of sunbeam glimmers made the world glitter shimmer and the field of view grow. Talking glow panels made my animal self yammer because my a priori self knew not what they were. But her, Beatrice in God’s court made her hand known. Personification of virtue, show what could be instead of what is! This is what could be! Wonders unknown become mind to know! Creator I shall become. Technological theosis!
But the stores winked away and apotheosis became denouement of a world that never was and perhaps could not be. The car puttered on. There was only clear steel street as we approached the central spire of the city. As though all the air had been sucked out and there was only me free floating in vacuous space. And then there was the lunar spire, sucking us in. Slowly, we began to descend to the airless planet. The cratered—smooth—surface began to loom larger. The landing site—garage—was marked out beforehand. Though I did not know it, there was all-too intelligent life there. Though I did not choose it, it was going to meet me. 
With a poorly damped shock our designated lunar module, landed on the surface of the garage beneath the spire. 
Thunk went the car door as my father exited the vehicle. I followed suit, or rather, I followed flannel. My father approached a glowing panel patching a greyblock wall. 
“Tor Ferguson here for the Panel of Climate Regulators.”
The greyblock wall became a square glowing room, with space for five standing shoulder to shoulder. We stepped in and were pushed upward, The opening in the room became a wall once more, only to open to a wide airy agora of people people lounging around desks and coffee bars. All the walls were windows overlooking the city.  All the people were dressed in the shimmering tight clothing which I’d seen in the city. Many wore glasses, all seemed composed. Symmetrical and proportioned as nature’s finest handiwork, My father walked forward and veered to the right. His clothing did not shimmer, his face was not composed with the symmetry of a symphony. Yet his back was straight, his feet carumphed authoritatively, and his eyes saccades were like the Marquis de Sade’s; seeking pain to inflict upon those who tried to read them. Through the maelstrom of milling demigods walked the common Herculean that was my fathers rubin dignity. Carumph carumph. Badump he stopped at an opening on the right and beckoned me come along. 
A narrow hallway with doors on the left, benches on the right, and light effusing through. A turn left and another right and through a door into a couch apportioned waiting room. My father pointed to a seat and I sat. He sat down opposite me and began to stare at his weathered hands. Lined and callused, browned with age. Dark spots of old skin freckled the top of his hands and poked out from beneath his shirt collar. Cheeks defined by frowning and the beginnings of skin cancer puffed out in expulsion of atmosphere. A small cylinder whirred about the floor, leaving the soft plastic polished and ready to be re-dirted. There was a faint tapping noise coming from the floor. My fathers foot was oscillating between the ground and the air, nervous in both states and unable to find the happy-medium aquacity. His bearing shoulders, his unwavering hands were calm and still and solid. Stolid even within the building outside him and the opulence before him and the authority which he was preparing to approach. 
But his foot was not solid or still on the ground. 
Slowly the numbers changed on the Helvetica Neue clock. The tapping out of sync with the time. Tempo increasing. A typhoon in the doldrums. A chime and my fathers name rang out into the near empty room. Father stood up and walked through the newly appeared portal.
I waited.
  	

Sky blued by afternoon sun projected through the curved window. Sleek and smooth, the elliptical chamber was near organic, like the hollow of a tree coated in bone china. The couch which I sat on was as sleek as the room. The legs were slim and the base rounded off. The back was ergonomic and the sides perfectly placed. There were no visible lightbulbs, as though the walls themselves were the light-source There was no duct for ventilation, yet air still circulated. 
A chime, followed by the silent appearance of a portal into an office. My father trundled out. His face was contracted within itself. His cheeks were pulled in by his teeth, his eyes pointed at his feet and his ears were unquenched iron, crudely shaped and barely formed.His back was arched in supplication to the atmos pressing down. His hat was in it’s hands, straw pulling itself out. And behind him there was a brutish man, with shoulders like broadsides, with canon like arms. His flat jaw was beneath narrow pushed out lips. His feet spread wide in superiority. This spire was his domicile, my father his vassal. 
The wall reappeared leaving me and my father in the room. My father led the way. I followed. 