Then. 
Then as opposed to now.
Then as opposed to knowing.
Then and there as opposed to here and now. What did I know then that I did not know now?
Then there was life and love and happiness and joy and prosperity and
What horseshit. 
I was happy then.
No you weren’t. You were never happy. You never knew how to be happy. You’ll never know, because you don’t want to know. You don’t want to know happiness because then there will be nothing for you to rail against. There will be nothing for you to gnash your teeth about nothing for you to live for. 
no
Really? That’s what you have to say. Denial? That’s all you’ve got. Denial. Denial and angst. “Your problems are real. All these problems are real.” That’s what you can keep telling yourself but it’s all fake. You’re fake. You had the good life and you couldn’t enjoy it. You knew what you wanted and you got it and you couldn’t enjoy it. 
I’m in a walled cell. 4x4x4 64 square feet so an 8x8 foot cell. Greystone has no gaiety to give me and I’ve little on my own so the mood should be quite easy to surmise. 21 guns salute the blues. Because they’re dead and played out too. Jazz is dead. Classical is dead and rotting. Rock n Roll is surprisingly comforting but they wouldn’t let any of us have music. 
The word cell comes from monasteries. Cells were the monks rooms. The term was later used to refer to the building blocks of organisms. Of course I’m in a prison cell, not a monastic cell or a biological cell. It’s pretty tough for a full formed human being to be inside a biological cell. 
No. 
No. 
No.
No.
No. 
Fuck.
Bileous vapors wafted into the greyscale vision of sensory bliss, jolting reality into focus. Senseless sibilants pulsed the vaporous air in wavering radiants of atonal musicality.  
You know, almost nobody realizes what I’m in for. I don’t even know what I’m here for. Fucking hell right?
Hands of white clothed beings presumably women and men wrenching me from my loves and livelihood. Hoods of drugg’d sedation and ether prompted nostalgia. Crushing my thinking causeways by crooked absence of consciousness.
You want me to live out my circumstances here like I deserve? Okay. But I think you’d be better off sedating me. ‘Sides, I don’t deserve this shit. 
Crunch. crunch. runch. runs the sound waves from the cell bays. The meat packing unisolated from the main cell living spaces. 
Of course you deserve this. Why would they sedate you when you deserve the isolation? You’ve always been
Useless. It’s useless to keep me in here. I’m not doing anything when I could be working. 
The scent of bile massaging the nostrils. The sound of hissing intermingling with the crunch of icy frozen boxes unpacked. 
There’s nothing I haven’t done for you. I’ve done everything to make you successful. 
I don’t understand what makes me a clear and present danger. 
The buzzing of the electrical system had seemed to pick up and fly. As though thousands of fireflies had joined its chorus of meager light. 
You’ve always done this. 
My trial’s not for a while. I ask when it is, but they say only, ‘a while’. 
There are buzzings and hemmings and hawings and sawings and crushings and pukings and drippings and “ings”.
You won’t move past what you were. You won’t give that up and simply accept what you are. 
The roof is leaking. Pimpling from the ceiling are driblets of brown refracting the meager filamentous light, glimmers only slightly. Then down into the puddle in the middle of the stone floor: no more a nuisance than a stray cat.
Folklore said that this place didn’t exist. Folklore said that this place wouldn’t exist, couldn’t exist. Though people said that the meritocracy was forever, thy said the social engineering eliminated all crime.
You couldn’t leave well enough alone. You knew it would undo all that you had built. You need it. You need to fail. Always to fail. Just like you
Burnt wafting through the air. Adjoining the hall for preparation of captive’s fare, was the solemn colonnade of iron bars and stony doors. Cameras screened the tenants of the panopticon koloss. 
 	

Cannibalistic not intoxicate wrenching and goring of compatriots, culminating in catatonia and ecstatic trance prison tantric. Cringe, watching me, on the other clinging colonnade. Binge, set me free, puke the rectory out on throne. Steel home, of man’s refuse, pulling all the soil out and kidney stones.  Sick. We’re all sick.
Nauseating calumny and slitting grout gaps cement blocks. 