The hallway, lined in clinical stainless steel, is geometrically dotted with clipped polished men and women, with hair tied back or shortened to a buzz, nails cleaned, shined and trim, shoes, like all their apparel, biocompatible and pathogen resistant, and expressions tied up into an isometric flex of thoughtful concentration. 
The rooms placed at regular intervals along the hallway are labeled alphanumerically in large glowing letters. They open and close with a whoosh as the air pressure of the rooms are released. A clack and a whoosh accompany the sight of a single room. The walls are, like those of the hallway, stainless steel. The floor is the same. The room contains only a single raised dais upon which rests a vat of clear fluid. Submerged in this clear fluid is a convalescent. The instrument panel on the vat registers his vital signs for my perusal. The man in the vat merely lies there, with a breathing tube down his nose wobbling with the ripple of the fluid and movement of his breath. 
In the room over, the sight is much the same: a vat with a patient immersed in fluid, an otherwise bare stainless steel room. 
A man. Or rather, a pure man. Biologically enhanced? I am the only one who knows it. He doesn’t show it. He, like all others hides it. Hides the reactions to others’ more clumsy creations. He hides his disgust. Right now he hides all. He hides all in the vat. The network activity displays on a monitor as I cue it up. His amygdala (insert neuroscience, I want to show mental therapy, not just physical…A pruning of overactive fear response and an alleviation of boredom. The ability to make everything new again by dulling emotional memories while maintaining factual aspects). 
His body is healing. Telomere ends are extended. Skin is retightened. Cells are destroyed and pruned away, released into the fluid as a milky white film. Cells are built onto his muscles, his bones, his eyes, his liver. His genome, sequenced and sampled to find the average, is altered to find the optimum, adjusted to meet his needs and requests, of course. His mind, all the probability chains and sequence spaces inherent (replace with real science) in its construction are altered as well, making him livelier in mind, less prone to that curious disease of the accomplished: boredom, mingled with the superiority of self which prompts him to never envy others excitement, even as he has me repair his capacity to be excited or joyful. (I want to improve this with a micro to macro level description).
This man, like all the men in these hallways, is important. He has contributed much and, thus, much is contributed to his care. His genetics are pristine, his abilities and knowledge, prodigious. His discipline renders him abstemious in times of productivity, and his imbibing renders him personable in times of socialization. This man, his folded belly hardening, his jowls fading cell by stretchèd cell to reveal high cheekbones, hollowed and handsome, is worth the expense and care.
 	

“Well, that’s interesting.”
The older man, bearded and balding, said from beneath his greyed mustache. The words, spoken more than a full minute ago, still ring in my ear as I stand on the porch. The sky was reflected red by the pool of blood on the front porch. The sign, Reason and Virtue Medical Center, was distorted at the top of the image, upside down and wavering, as though in ichorous flight toward the reflected sun. 
The older man, whom I know only as a respected older administrator, leaves to contact the cleaning service. I stand and watch the motionless scene. Next to the pool is a corpse, almost unnoticed next to the volume of blood he’d released at our feet. In his hand is a ruby glass shard which had clearly made its acquaintance with the man’s neck.
A slip of paper buried itself in the mans front pocket. It was sodden. Any words it contained were now illegible as the blood, drained of a vein by the tint, dyed the dead man’s note a blackish maroon. 
“Back to work administrator. We do the work of the living,” admonished the mustached man as he returned from his private conversation. 
 	

My shoes, waterproof as they are, squeak down the crystal clean hallways. It’s an annoying sound. Like a desperate squeal, an admission of weakness, of penetrability, the shoes squeak along the hallways, leaving maroon footsteps behind. The maroon footsteps fade as the hallway regains homeostasis. 
Even as I walk, I cannot bear the stench of that spilled blood, which lingers still in my nostrils. Illness makes its brief acquaintance with me. As my nausea rises, I duck into the alcove reserved for administrators and empty my stomach into the disposal.
 	

“As medical administrators, our duty is to administer all the products of modern science for the purposes of keeping our charges alive. It is a sacred honor to be given this task, a deep responsibility for only the most gifted.” So I went. Memorized line for line, I delivered the carefully worded verbiage to these future colleagues. 

