Release. Ooh. Easy. Slow breath. Deep breath. 
My overtight sphincter gave me a sure test before I felt the catch release and the pressure cease. Then push through and increase. It's all tension in release. I envision the precision of of perfect spheres chained together by narrow stems and imagine I make something similar as I hear it plop into the bowl. 
My face scrunches as the bunches below in the depths give way to the visceral effluvium in which was suspended the vague beginnings of solid suspended in I. Meeting with the effluvium was the scent of roasted coffee which repulsed the particulate matter in the air of my hygromorphic closet of a restroom like that of a Helenic post-adolescent in her prime making a rondezvous with an introverted hunchback whose advances had grown just a touch too peculiar, just a touch too sycophantic.
Stepping off the pot I wash and eye myself, or my reflection. The left hand of the face is right of mine. I trace the line of my jaw up to my cheekbone, feeling the rough, the coarse, soon to be shaved away in Casanovan monasticism, in service to the Absolute: acceptability to the Venusian. The shave soap tingles pink in spots, like that of rotting sour cream, Rose madder, diluted from the petals of flesh of the plant grown on the polluted lake of the outside.
Maternal, was she. Neither statement or question. Simply appeasement to the acquisition of time, the slave of memory, prayer to Mnemosyne. Propitiation to the human remembrance of things past. Nothing divine, but astral. Perhaps. A hairbrush for my now thinned stems, run down the side parted to the right, fingers would grasp my crown and hold it steady. Fingers on bovine flank like palms worn callous from washing, with contrapositive nail polish half flaked off at all times, yet an obsession objective repeatedly repaired, subjected to innumerable brush lashings. 
A dress, she still wore dresses. A strange woman was she, not subject to style, only to poise. Her voice was not shrill but breathed through her chest, leaving a noise the likes of which few mothers ever made. No, she breathed and heaved with her chest as she worked at the work of the hearth and the work of the home. As though saying Om I began with the second pass, against the grain I press the blade and slice it up the line of my jaw up to my cheekbone, feeling the rough, the coarse turn to smooth clean white newness like paper fresh from the pack unprinted unpressed. A meditation, a cleansing of the wear and tear from the days yesteryear, from the previous experience, a new journey into day is the shaving ritual. I was still undressed, only in a torn set of boxers I’d yet to replace. I’d been yet to replace it and I was yet to replace it for a while longer. Though I’d hear “get a new pair” of the malingering undergarments from the shrill scylla picking away at my manhood. Up from the throat to the chin ran thin steel, feel the blade. It’s dull so it rips the tiny threads from the rug of my neck. The gall, stays down in my throat through conscious effort. The coffee would only make it more impudent. Yet I need it: addiction, Weakness perhaps. 
In my belly, my breath that which makes me human I feel the prescience of a contraction, the foreknowledge of a throat hack. Suppression fails me with the blade still on my cheek and my cheeks precocously geriatric waggle and ruffle against the blade still sharp enough for flesh. My lungs birth by diaphragmatic  contractions phlegmatic base fetid hunks of sour tar and pollute effluvium turned lung membrane and slam them through my throat. I taste what I took in as  youth and I spit up the black into the sink. The foam round my lips now gray, aged. I am unclean, ceremonially and otherwise.
My mother had sat on the bed, in blankets in pollute air pulling the solute particulate matter in and coughing it up again. She pulled strings of it from her throat like tar spit, like threads of lungs or intestine from her, calling for more wine to cover the taste. What a waste of a woman. What a waste.
Most of the taste of coffee was really the smell. It was in the nostril well that the smells climbed out from the mouth and up the nose and down the nose, smacking receptors and sending signals. It was like a cascade of flavors building to a single E Pluribus Unum universal fruition. It comes out of cherries actually. They used to have people, sun baked, browned by the sun and their fingers blacked by the earth to grow the cherries in the soil and then they’d cut open the fruit and they’d leave it in the sun to dry til it was wrinkled and brown-black like its sowers and growers and harvesters. Then the baked, clay people would pull the dry fruit away and they’d have the seeds which were unlike the fruit and the fingers, not brown and oily but green and ripe for roasting and grinding and drinking. Nevertheless, it’s mostly smell that gives the flavor. I can smell it right now, mixed with lavatory slurp.
Cold water, hot blade. Splashing water on my face, then, towel off, shirt on and down the stairs, hoping she doesn’t notice me out the door, I achieve sartorial excellence at sprint speed and depart from my abode without conflict. 
While she coughed out black atmospheric refuse, my father came home, in plaid, in synthetic plaid, in some mockery of the farmer 150 years before. His boots were not stained with mud but with factorial manure, multiplying itself in robot operated rooms and exposing my fathers boots only when dried. Flecks would migrate onto the tile floor, leaving the brown spray paint outline of footsepts on the the black dust membrane which had settled over decades onto the floor, sessile and permanent, whiling the time on the tiles. Hundreds of these footsteps lay trails on the floor, only to be swept partly away by the air currents.
Temporal essential became slightly eternal. Blissfully, blissfully they swept away. Tar hacking coughs came up from the couch and, slowly the tar balls smacked their own stain. 
“Goddammit Tangerine!” racketed the (my) old man off the walls. Grabbing a rag off the towel roll and cleaning the gob from the floor, he cursed her throat, his throat, the weather, the furnaces, the windmills, the field hands and the combines, the floor, the rag, the council, the counsellor, the lack of satisfaction, and on and on.
“Get yer hands out of yore pockets boy, go make me a cuppa brew!” spittle carried from his mouth to the air. 
The shock of the reverb tumbled through my spinal. Cables moved my marionette hands. I knew what to do and I’d done it before, before for the black tinged hands.
The light filtered in from the plexiglass windows, orange by the light and green by the glass. Yellow once daisy colored mats on the kitchen counter had since turned lackadaisically pale, assuming the shade of death hanging over a sick child even as a lullaby played from a music box in the background. It was a dust bowl I suppose. A plastic particulate dust bowl, wherein CO2 had reacted with industrial peels to create a tar like substance which became a fixture of atmosphere. 
I, nine, knew nothing less about life than that this was mine and this was what life was. I knew that brew (a mix of caffiene, l-theanine, amphetamine salts, modafinil, tetrahydrocannibanol and flavorings) was my fathers first concern was. I knew that someday it would be mine. It was a mark of masculinity, a drink of adulthood. Once I snuck a sip. It burned my tongue and left me unable to taste for days and I was hyper and my teacher sent me home from school that day. Of course, I rose up in the world and drank actual coffee now, not that bastard brew of my father’s house which strung him out and made him stick and bones with sinew and gristle, no fat on the bone no strength in the limbs, only meanness in the mouth. 
In the background between the whir of air filters, bought fourth-hand at over-fist cost I heard irritated grumbling and weakened cancerous laughter. The “come on, don’t spit up and croak on me now you old frog!” carried with it only the tainted ragsworth of desperation at the time unrecognized. 
The tips of my toes scrape (not scuffed, never scuffed!) the sheet of shined silicon steel, as I walk along the avenues of the kanonopolis.(([does this name work ethnolinguistically?])) The clean air roughed my throat as it had for thirty years previous. The smoky days of the air previous had forever pitted the pliant flesh of my airways purple. The thin air of the city made my voice, so pleasant and deep outside, hoarse to the high voiced technocrats. Hoarse! Always hoarse! My voice once heard was the source of eyes opened wider with frowns and nods, the looks of pitying given from the perch of no such terrible luck. 
Sun had yet to touch the arid land, it had not tapped the ground or stretched its hand along the upper hemisphere. There was no hint of black turning to blue or yellow arcs below purple waves dividing blue and green seas behind the skyscraper foreground. There was not even the whispered rumor of the sun coming to bake the dew from the grass and send it into the sky to fall as rain and run into the irrigators. There was not even the prescient reverberation, the clearing of the throat before speaking, the experience of conscious choice to send air to move the vocal strings of other stars in the sky sending their wavering radiants to the world. There was no light reaching the shining streets, except that from the red lamps which were mounted along the walks. The world seemed in the wake of lunar eclipse, a photographic darkroom, a prepollution red light bordello. There was no moon out tonight. But the red was the moon. The ground was the moon. The streets of Dallas had blocked the sun from the absent moon and left us with only the promise of “soon, soon you will be happy.”