He walked down the road, the the former me. The auburn flashed the suns glimmer ray from mere prettiness into beautific beatitude. The eyes which followed it, followed me down the road, looking looking through glassy flecked radial green and silver spokes and seemed loving with flashes, loving with flashes, loving with flashes. But so was the sun, loving with flashes, bronzing with gaze, blacking with intimacy, til skin cancer became all. And skin cancer became none, leaving naught but ugliness and sores cross once alabaster grecian cheekbones. . 
And the rhythm which she walked, we walked, in synchrony some of the time. Down the cracked old 30, lit by the beauty of a dead land. The four on the floor was not what we were, we were tuples beating quadruples and sometimes playing the same line some of the time. I hoped we’d play couples not a waltz, because while a waltz was romantic what I wanted was a slow dance. 
What was there beneath us, aside us, below us, above us? I asked her. She looked at me, a little like tittles that had lost their plumage. She spelled out a bell like laugh, like magic, strike magic into the world dear laughter! Bound a bit by witchery but not hers I sped my mind to the sky, the beauteous sky. 
Mars first. Red Mars whose blessing, the muscular curriculum vitae of capability and conquest, spawned wings above. And yet blessed blessed be, be anyway me. Filled by lights delight into red anger, sparks fly, vigiliance see the beauty in the sword sing, here the beauty in the cut flesh. And then quick so quickly as the power of Areian Aeschylation of power from that servile I once was to warmaker I become, it was perverse. It was perverse and the muscles visceral shoved into lungs and then there was sound and then there was so much sound everywhere not just my heart throb but the screams of ten thousand lyres pushing lust into air into song but perverse like the twinge in your groin when you bruise your knee and I felt it that twinge and I tightened my hand and I heard the squee and I felt the the nails dig and I looked at her hand and I saw the half moon crescents filled with mars red dripping into the stars.
She looked at me tears in her eyes and the twinge in my groin continued and harmonized with the scream in my gut that I held silent it was her that was screaming in the semblance of words but action took hold and took folded her arms and she shriekd but all my ears heard was weep and I shrunk into my stomach so the words they bounced off. 
Then my cheek felt purple and it felt hurted and I felt childe and chilled and cold and mother. Andd