There I was beneath the cog-lit pews. There were gear shaped statues and micro-electrode murals. In the true wave future this was what particles were reduced to. Conscious atoms worshiping unconscious form. Curious matter for curiosity-less men. I, a universe of atoms, an atom in the universe, bowing before my creation, the ideal, the machine.  What sort of civilization do we possess when we go into our white polymer cathedral and bow before our homeomorphic deformations? Where is the mysticism? What God is the Machine? This is no God. This is not order. This is artificial. 
This is bizarre. 
The world has become a phantom masquerade of splendorous priests with curdling whiskers and sputtering regale. Their words turned into the whirring of ancient computers, indiscernible by man. Their scriptures turned into punch cards, unreadable without vacuum tube rooms. 
What of what came before? What of hearts and minds and breath? Are they so easily dismissed? What of the beauty of the leaves? Has the air so blacked them? What of the sky? Have the towns so dulled them? And what of the towns? Have they so lost their sharpness? The corners are dulled, the edges softened, the shapes set by poured plastic. 
The old man droned before me in indiscernible Inglish. Old archaic language for a religion irrational. His regalia was shaped of brass cogs groaning intermittently, lit with LED’s  glancing light off all the walls. The ancient artifacts of enlightenment hung from the roof, their yellow filaments buzzing slowly away in their oblong teardrop form. These great glowing bulbs, cocoons of the future of mind, the symbol of ideas and human ingenuity.
These glass spheres, hanging from the ceiling by simple wires and sockets, reverberated light by the vibrations of their particles. They glanced sheen upon their sides and sent it from their tangents. They diffused light through their barriers and sent it into our consciousness. These near silent harbingers, what questions have they answered? What beauty have they found? What languages have they unravelled?
What do these luminaries know?
Charged, polarized incandescence flies through every single instance. Particles unaccounted for, uncountable, rapidly radiate within. Photons leap, from leptons in wires, through nitrogen gases and into the air. Reflected, refracted through crystalline walls, the particles go slowly, go quickly, go spare. There, it’s a bird, it’s a plane, it’s a silhouette; outlined in view by the luminance of the sun. Or a spec on a globe, projecting down upon us. Viewpoints are shifted and changed unto scale. From the view of the lightbulb: small infinitesimal. From the view of our eyes: bunraku largesse. 
The dome is a lightbulb, projection mapped across the sky. Things small to it are great to human kind. Our homes are lightbulbs, construing sense of scale, shifting our eyes to new contours, new hues. Our leaders, lightbulbs showing the path. Our streets, lightbulbs. Ourselves, lightbulbs. Myself: lightbulb. I: light.
I: Light. 
As heat is to energy, the source of movement in the world, so I am moving. It’s warm. They’re cold. Their gazes, they glaze me. I’ve a beard a frost: tongue of icicles. The droning stopped. The man stopped speaking. Slow doors in front of me, though I suppose they would be. Them being inanimate, I: light moving. Slowly I was moving, towards the eye of vision, by which I would enter. The mind of God.
The sky. Birds chirping. The streets humming. The sun reflecting. Light. Light. Footsteps, mine? I’m out. How? It’s mass. It’s critical. To miss it is. Density. I am thoroughly dense. What am I doing sitting on this bench? All the world is in there while I am under the sky. 
O my, o my. My hands are twittering, they’re shaking, they’re turning. I’m controlling? Oh fuck. Yearning. I’m yearning again.
Yearning for the world with the wilds and the sky and the green grass. For the burroughs of rice, and romance of redwoods and the world east of Eden. Plead for Man’s place. General revelation. Plead for what God? Pleasant sensation. 
Ingots of catacornucopia fueled function, rustled in conjunction, with the noises of the air. Hummed melody of filtration, like cicadas in the night, mixed with the harpsichord pods floating down below the lights. The daysky shining beneath the ragged sun. The clouds reflecting a chorus of shimmering blues. The sun sky, cloud sky, day sky, world high above the singing down, from the spheres modal m-base. 
  The Earth: shifting spinning plates on rods of molten core in a celestial circus act. The elephantine sky playing with the other nine, balls in the sky, trumpeted it’s power and spun with the rest of the tented comedy. Unknown information. Discourse invasion by which I’d no se no say now way nowise. Unwise to try to surmise the bizarre circumcised circumstance in which I currently stand. Circuitous strand of infinite imperfection. Multiple foci are much more musical.
