Hell’s bell’s death knells sang their hymns today. The gavel banged and gravel flew as the truck sped away. The track carted me off, bars on the windows as Hortense spat on my shoes.

	My orange clothing billowed out in front of my. Like Icarus’ wings in the wake of a gulfstream. Freedom never tasted so sweet. The sky fell away from me as we slowly flew from the courthouse.

“T’aint right.”

“What’s that?”

“T’aint right that you get to live for the next ten years.”

“Go stick a pin in your eye you unencumbered boor.”

Hoary, the man stood stout at 5’8”. He was built lik a mule with the face of an overweight jackal. Fed by those unfortunate corpses which he ferried from the sulken courthouse, through the sticks, and into the Beau-Cooper Penitentiary.

“Death-Row’s the only place for a cur like you. A little yellow-beaner like you.” Death rows bastards like him straight into Tartarus. I’m sure. 

	The car jerked sideways as he spat at me leading him to cover his own lapel in spittle and skoal. His coal black gums and feverish teeth were more yellow than my own skin could ever be: far filthier than my own conscience. 
	
People like me are nobodies, nothings. We mean nothing to society at large. Our only purpose in life is to serve as one of Hortense’s spittoons.

Chain link rattled around us as we drew to a halt. A pockmarked man stuck his face in the drivers windo. I heard his jowls flap as a draft of alcohol vapors laggardly climbed my nostrils. The flaccid jowls of the man barked that we were alright to leave the area. The heavily armored truck lumbered down the highway. With the jailer, the crook and the driver humming, the hum of the motor played accompaniment. 

The hangin judge’s voice resonated within my skull, back and forth it resonated. The pulse of the crowd as the heard, they listended nt at all once they heard. “Dead man walking. Make him hang!”

Blue eyes like a cave looked out into the crowd as naivete dripped like droplets from stalagmites. Drip. Drip. Patter. 
Sloosh. Inexhaustible, or so I bleeived.

Blue turns to grey like the sea turns to storms. This too shall pass. But at what point does it pass?

Helpless mother with grey eyes of Athena pulls Naivete close as tears drip from the wellsprings. Hell springs forth in the jackal- faced Hortense and exclaims: 
“He’s off to death-row!”

Theere’s a buzzing in my ears as my locks fall to the ground. My teeth chatter in the cold grey room. I count the bricks, my eyes trace the grout. Envisaged in front of me is the warden. His gait is loping. Not the easy lope of an athlete, but the slow lope of the old nouveau riche. Gorged on his power, indulgent as he watches me being stripped of my locks like Samson by his lover. He steps with his left food and grins at my misery. As he steps with his right, he grimaces once more. Left, right, grin, grimace. Too proud to use a cane, and able still to leer at me. 

In the mess I stare at the other improvisers, as walk down the aisle, I play to their rhythm as they get a feel for my rhyme. My left and my right clack evenhandedly upon the cement floor. 
Hooded eyes budge over, closing an avenue. Another pair does the same. A sea of orange begins. Mange-tu, Alors! One facemaasked peon yells to me, as I struggle to find a seat. An apple rolls from my tray into the communal maws of a den fo dragons. A large man picks up the apple, rubs on filthy orange, and takes a bite. Gums black as coal, glazed with juice grin at me. For all his bulk, his grin is corpse-like, his eyes hollow and black. A tear is inked underneath his eye, and  skull draped across his neck. The skull ripples and winks as he chews the flesh of my lost fruit. 

A bell rings, the red-orange sea parts and my tray is swept from my hands. I shuffle along with the multitude and go down to my resting place. 

My cell is embalmed in a scent of urea and cheap filtered cigarettes. The key clinks and the door creaks shut as my nighttime approaches. “Charon, you bastard. You ferried me over way too damn early.”