 The man with the clown face, or what could have been had his assailant done the work right, went by Mona Lesser. Evidently he’d thought of it himself. He refused to say his real name and the guards stopped only to spit, taunt, and pity. Occasisionally they would deal with Mona directly, but Mona rarely dealt with people not involved in business and people not involved in his business were either distant or dead.
“Le Clune!” I called after him. He and his entourage ground to a halt like the cogs of a factory, or the hands of Death’s clock.
At fist he just stared at me. I was the bug that had landed on his windshield. The muscles around his eyes began to tense and his teeth began to show. He pushed his way past his aghast entourage. He held up his meaty sausage fingers to his mouth and lit an equally thick cigar. The pause between the first puff and my unfortunate utterance was like honey running down the side of the jar. One match…then two…then three.
Finally fragrant slightly cloying smoke rose up into the air and he said:
“Who’re you calling a clown you spindly little rat?”
I handed him a cigarette. “Simon tells me you can get more.”
He slapped me. There was a slam from behind as the ground came to to tackle me. Black.
The gray walls ran downy sight in runny slips of cement. Motion like freeze frames was all I could see. I felt a staggering blow to the side of my head, like my mind was fighting a boxing match, and trying to fight with a crowbar.
It wasn’t just the walls that were running together. My neck jerked back as a black hand rocketed into my cheek. As the hand started to draw away from my face I saw the hand trailing behind itself, each image a portraiture of the fluid living hand.(([note: emphasize motion vs stillness. Akinetopsia]))
“You know why you”re here(([Insert description further up the page]))?”
“Speaking out of turn?”
“Possession of contraband”
The man who slapped me was now outside the range of my vision. Another man grew closer. His lips were a movement of stills blending together as he spoke. My right side hurt. My head pounded worse than ever.
He slapped me again. My head started to loll. The sounds were also working poorly now. The voice was muddled. Probably meaningless anyway. Just another jackals laughter.
Cold shocked me back into sense. I heard his voice saying the words “solitary confinement.”
Interestingly, the solitary confinement ward was quite possibly the cleanest area in the prison. Second only to the hospital in hygiene. The walls were white. It must have been Sartre’s definition of heaven. “Hell is where other people are.(([look this up. insert footnote]))”I pulled my sheets from my bed and sat down to wait. It would be a month of silence, sobriety and stillness.
