I care little for reality. Reality is composed of dogs who fight over the smallest scraps. Back-biting rats and anxiety attacks. The anxiety attacks are the worst. My neighbors used to tell me my wife, who was in the street walking the dog, was having “an episode.” I’d run outside and calm her dow, but it was never any use. A couple of days later she’d see something else that would unsettle her: a dead squirrel by the side of the road, the color red reminded her of blood. She would move fluidly through the work, but the world would score itself in the worry line across her brow. Her heart would pulse and her temples would pound and when you held her to you, you could feel the blood pound against your chest. The walls of arteries, were supposed to be elastic, they certainly stretched her out.
I remember one day, the dogs were fighting. As I woke up, I could hear them screeching, howling, and so on. I heard a tearing sound. I hurdled my bed and slid out the door. As I scrambled out the door I heard a keening sound. A human keening sound. I hurdled the fence and, still bleary eyed, saw her kneeling over, next to the fighting dogs. (([He’s in prison because he killed his wife. I think she was caught in an anxiety attack and he was trying to calm her down but she ended up suffocating and he got charged with manslaughter because her father had money and good lawyers))

((but she dies at the end of this chapter so that can’t be right…perhaps it’s his daughter who died and he who was at fault…I don’t know]))
“Stop it. Stop it!”
A great black lab was biting the back of a small white terrier. Almost rat-like in it’s appearance, the terrier began to rear up, boxing it’s way out of the labrador’s grasp. The labrador had a set of scars visible underneath it’s golden fur. Blood matted the fur on its leg where the terrier had made it’s inroads. The labrador circled around the terrier.. Snapping in time with the sound of her voice. 
I regarded the dogs for a few moments, before regarding my wife. Kneeling beside her, I thought of pulling her close but decided to pull her away from the dogs first. 
She slowly, pulled herself up at my tugging and began to shuffle towards the gate. He tripped, with dainty feet slipping in the mud. On her kneads, always on her knees in the dirt as her heart wears thin. The world like gravel slowly wearing down the soles that cover her feet and keep her from bleeding.
I stare at the white walls of my cell, I can still hear the dogs barking outside. I hear a tearing. I hear a keening. My dear never stopped bleeding. 
I look at the letter on the bed. Callously written in the solicitors hand. A notice of death, a question of the will. I guess she finally bled out.