I saw Simon again after a month. When he waved, his hands traced trails in the air. You could see where they started, by the fork on the table, svn as you saw them make a gesture of greeting(([either explain akinetopsia or get rid of this. or give it some grand metaphorical significance])). I walked towards him as the wold moved in freeze frames, snapshots. A photographers envy.(([originally “a photographers wet dream” sex sells…  but who’s buying?])) He gestured to take a seat. I sat. We slurped up turgid, over salted soup as we sat in silence. The prison-yard philosopher stared at me a moment. He looked back at his soup. 
“Le Clune?”
I stared at him.
“You called him a French clown?” By this point he had clearly given up on his soup so I began to dip my bread into his half empty soup cup.
He slapped my hand away, yelling “are you suicidal?” I showed him the scar that laced his way around my neck(([possibly after his daughter?)])). Rope burns (([this doesn’t fit]))from two years prior. 
“No, but that’s what they all say”
“Join the club.” Another several moments passed. He pulled out a pencil and began writing. “ I could have told you how to approach him.”

Several days later the repercussions of my misstep seemed to have been worn away. Perhaps the Mona Lesser had forgotten about me. However, disrespect among men is not easily forgotten.  Le Clune was king of the penitentiary. He was the supplier of their vices, the giver of their com forts. The lender of their bribes and all he asked was that you do him a favor or two when asked.
Still the walls were high and the price was steep. I looked at the slabs (flags) of grey which soared above me. The warden had embroidered them with barbed wire frills. I imagine a monkey skillfully ambling alongside me, scaling the wall which towered. Or perhaps a cockroach, what else could climb up such a monstrosity? A line of roaches could carry me out, if only(([prison break against the psychedelic masters])) I could convince them to bear the load.
And what would I find when I finally crawled (cracked) up? When I had scaled the precipice and crested my everest? I would see green rolling hills, or perhaps prairie grazing up til the horizon. I don’t remember what I would see, but I’m sure it would have the color green. Green means living. Green, meandering green is the glory of God. “To eat and drink and find satisfaction in your toil, this is the gift of God”(([check ecclesiastes]))
Would I see my Naivete, arms outstretched, running towards me? Would cherry blossoms be in the air? La Vie en Rose would be playing? Or would her eyes have turned grey like the walls of the catechism? Her brow be furrowed from the stress of her mother’s death, her hands calloused from hard work in my absenc(([is she dead or isn’t she? figure it out!]))e. Eyes dry from having shed too many tears. Young faces wrinkle, no different from old ones.
I don’t want to know. It’s too terrifying.